Minor updates to access reviews(Beta) (#12973)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accessreviewschedulesettings.md

| autoApplyDecisionsEnabled|Boolean | Indicates whether decisions are automatically applied. When set to `false`, a user must apply the decisions manually once the reviewer completes the access review. When set to `true`, decisions are applied automatically after the access review instance duration ends, whether or not the reviewers have responded. Default value is `false`. |
| applyActions|[accessReviewApplyAction](../resources/accessreviewapplyaction.md) collection | Optional field. Describes the  actions to take once a review is complete. There are two types that are currently supported: `removeAccessApplyAction` (default) and `disableAndDeleteUserApplyAction`. Field only needs to be specified in the case of `disableAndDeleteUserApplyAction`. See [accessReviewApplyAction](accessreviewapplyaction.md). |
| recommendationsEnabled|Boolean | Indicates whether decision recommendations are enabled/disabled. |

> | recommendationLookBackDuration | Duration| Recommendations for access reviews are calculated by looking back at 30 days of data(w.r.t the start date of the review) by default. However, in some scenarios, customers want to change how far back to look at and want to configure 60 days, 90 days, etc. instead. This setting allows customers to configure this duration. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| recommendationLookBackDuration | Duration| Optional field. Indicates the time period of inactivity (with respect to the start date of the review instance) that recommendations will be configured from. Recommendation will be to deny if user is never active during the look back duration. Supported durations are 30, 60, or 90 days.  |
```
